microtrait_rule-name	microtrait_rule-type	microtrait_rule-substrate	microtrait_trait-name1	microtrait_trait-name2	microtrait_trait-name3	microtrait_trait-version
fdhC	count_by_substrate	formate				production
aaeB	count_by_substrate	hydroxybenzoate				development
aap_full	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
aap_key	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
abgT	count_by_substrate	aminobenzoyl-glutamate				development
acrD	count_by_substrate	drug				development
acrF	count_by_substrate	drug				development
actP	count_by_substrate	acetate				production
ade_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ade_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
adiC	count_by_substrate	arginine				production
afu_full	count_by_substrate	iron				development
afu_key	count_by_substrate	iron				production
aga_full	count_by_substrate	acetylgalactosamine				development
aga_partial	count_by_substrate	acetylgalactosamine				production
agl_full	count_by_substrate	trehalose;maltose;sucrose				development
agl_key	count_by_substrate	trehalose;maltose;sucrose				production
agu_full	count_by_substrate	digalacturonate				development
agu_key	count_by_substrate	digalacturonate				production
algE	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
allP	count_by_substrate	allantoin				production
als_full	count_by_substrate	allose				development
als_key	count_by_substrate	allose				production
ameC	count_by_substrate	lipooligosaccharide				development
amiS	count_by_substrate	amide				production
ampG	count_by_substrate	drug				development
amsL	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
amt	count_by_substrate	ammonium				production
ansP	count_by_substrate	asparagine				production
aot_full	count_by_substrate	arginine;ornithine				development
aot_key	count_by_substrate	arginine;ornithine				production
ara-1_full	count_by_substrate	arabinosaccharide				development
ara-1_key	count_by_substrate	arabinosaccharide				production
ara-2_full	count_by_substrate	arabinose				development
ara-2_key	count_by_substrate	arabinose				production
araE	count_by_substrate	arabinose				production
araJ	count_by_substrate	arabinose				production
arcD	count_by_substrate	arginine				production
arg_full	count_by_substrate	valine;alanine;histidine;arginine;lysine				development
arg_key	count_by_substrate	valine;alanine;histidine;arginine;lysine				production
argT	count_by_substrate	arginine;histidine;lysine;ornithine				production
arnE	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
arsB-1	count_by_substrate	arsenic				development
arsB-2	count_by_substrate	arsenite				development
art-1_full	count_by_substrate	arginine				development
art-1_partial	count_by_substrate	arginine				production
art-2_full	count_by_substrate	arginine;lysine;histidine				development
art-2_key	count_by_substrate	arginine;lysine;histidine				production
asc_full	count_by_substrate	cellobiose				development
asc_partial	count_by_substrate	cellobiose				production
atoE_key	count_by_substrate	fatty acid				production
att_full	count_by_substrate	mannopine				development
att_key	count_by_substrate	mannopine				production
bce_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
bce_key	count_by_substrate	drug				development
bcr_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
bcr_key	count_by_substrate	drug				development
benE	count_by_substrate	benzoate				production
betL	count_by_substrate	glycine betaine				production
betT	count_by_substrate	choline;glycine;proline betaine				production
bgl_full	count_by_substrate	glucoside				development
bgl_partial	count_by_substrate	glucoside				production
bglH	count_by_substrate	cellobiose;gentibiose;arbutin;salicin				production
bgt_full	count_by_substrate	arginine;lysine;histidine;glutamine				development
bgt_key	count_by_substrate	arginine;lysine;histidine;glutamine				production
bica	count_by_substrate	drug				development
bio-1_full	count_by_substrate	biotin				development
bio-1_key	count_by_substrate	biotin				production
bio-2_full	count_by_substrate	biotin				development
bio-2_key	count_by_substrate	biotin				production
blpA	count_by_substrate	bacteriocin				development
bpeEF-oprC_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
bpeEF-oprC_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
bra_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
bra_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
btu_full	count_by_substrate	vitamin B12				development
btu_key	count_by_substrate	vitamin B12				production
btuB	count_by_substrate	vitamin B12				production
bxl_full	count_by_substrate	xylobiose				development
bxl_key	count_by_substrate	xylobiose				production
cbi-1_full	count_by_substrate	nickel				development
cbi-1_partial	count_by_substrate	nickel				production
cbi-2_full	count_by_substrate	nickel				development
cbi-2_key	count_by_substrate	nickel				production
ccm-1_full	count_by_substrate	heme				development
ccm-1_partial	count_by_substrate	heme				development
ceb_full	count_by_substrate	cellobiose				development
ceb_key	count_by_substrate	cellobiose				production
cel_full	count_by_substrate	cellobiose				development
cel_partial	count_by_substrate	cellobiose				production
cfrA	count_by_substrate	siderophore				production
chaA	count_by_substrate	calcium				production
chi_full	count_by_substrate	chitobiose				development
chi_key	count_by_substrate	chitobiose				production
chrA	count_by_substrate	chromate				development
citA	count_by_substrate	citrate				production
citT	count_by_substrate	citrate				production
cmlA	count_by_substrate	drug;arabinose				development
cmp_full	count_by_substrate	bicarbonate				development
cmp_key	count_by_substrate	bicarbonate				production
codB	count_by_substrate	cytosine				production
corA	count_by_substrate	magnesium				production
cusA	count_by_substrate	copper;silver				development
cusC	count_by_substrate	copper;silver				development
cycA	count_by_substrate	serine;alanine;glycine				production
cyd_full	count_by_substrate	thiol				development
cyd_partial	count_by_substrate	thiol				development
cys_full	count_by_substrate	sulfate				development
cys_partial	count_by_substrate	sulfate				production
czcA	count_by_substrate	cobalt;zinc;cadmium				development
czcC	count_by_substrate	cobalt;zinc;cadmium				development
czcD	count_by_substrate	cobalt;zinc;cadmium;nickel				development
das_full	count_by_substrate	N,N'-diacetylchitobiose				development
das_key	count_by_substrate	N,N'-diacetylchitobiose				production
dct_full	count_by_substrate	dicarboxylate				development
dct_key	count_by_substrate	dicarboxylate				production
dctA	count_by_substrate	fumarate;malate;succinamide				production
dcuA	count_by_substrate	fumarate;succinate;malate				production
dcuB	count_by_substrate	fumarate;succinate;malate				production
dcuC	count_by_substrate	dicarboxylate				production
dev_full	count_by_substrate	glycolipid				development
dev_partial	count_by_substrate	glycolipid				development
dga_full	count_by_substrate	glucosaminate				development
dga_partial	count_by_substrate	glucosaminate				production
dgl_full	count_by_substrate	glucosamine				development
dgl_partial	count_by_substrate	glucosamine				production
dltB	count_by_substrate	alanine				production
dpp-1_full	count_by_substrate	dipeptide				development
dpp-1_key	count_by_substrate	dipeptide				production
dpp-2_full	count_by_substrate	dipeptide				development
dpp-2_key	count_by_substrate	dipeptide				production
dsdX	count_by_substrate	serine				production
eamA	count_by_substrate	cysteine				development
eamB	count_by_substrate	cysteine				development
ebr-1_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ebr-1_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ebr-2	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ecfA1	count_by_substrate	biotin;riboflavin				production
eexD_key	count_by_substrate	mannuronan				development
efeB	count_by_substrate	iron				production
efeO	count_by_substrate	iron				production
emrK	count_by_substrate	drug;cysteine				development
emrY	count_by_substrate	long-chain fatty acid				development
entS	count_by_substrate	siderophore				development
eps_full	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
eps_partial	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
ery_full	count_by_substrate	erythritol				development
ery_key	count_by_substrate	erythritol				production
exb_full	count_by_substrate	biopolymer				development
exb_key	count_by_substrate	biopolymer				production
exbD_full	count_by_substrate	biopolymer				development
exbD_key	count_by_substrate	biopolymer				production
exoF	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
exoT	count_by_substrate	glycan				development
fadL	count_by_substrate	long-chain fatty acid				production
fdhC	count_by_substrate	formate				production
fec_full	count_by_substrate	Fe(III) dicitrate				development
fec_key	count_by_substrate	Fe(III) dicitrate				production
fecA	count_by_substrate	Fe(III) dicitrate				production
fep_full	count_by_substrate	Fe-enterobactin				development
fep_key	count_by_substrate	Fe-enterobactin				production
fepA	count_by_substrate	siderophore				production
fev_full	count_by_substrate	iron				development
fev_key	count_by_substrate	iron				production
fhu_full	count_by_substrate	Fe(III) hydroxamate				development
fhu_key	count_by_substrate	Fe(III) hydroxamate				production
fieF	count_by_substrate	zinc;cadmium;mercury;iron				development
fiu	count_by_substrate	siderophore				production
flq_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
flq_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
focA	count_by_substrate	formate				production
focB	count_by_substrate	formate				production
fpvA	count_by_substrate	siderophore				production
frc_full	count_by_substrate	fructose				development
frc_key	count_by_substrate	fructose				production
fru1_full	count_by_substrate	fructose				development
fru1_partial	count_by_substrate	fructose				production
fru2_full	count_by_substrate	fructose				development
fru2_partial	count_by_substrate	fructose				production
ftrA	count_by_substrate	iron				production
gal_full	count_by_substrate	galactose				development
gal_partial	count_by_substrate	galactose				production
galP	count_by_substrate	galactose				production
gam_full	count_by_substrate	galactosamine				development
gam_partial	count_by_substrate	galactosamine				production
gan_full	count_by_substrate	arabinogalactan;maltooligosaccharide				development
gan_key	count_by_substrate	arabinogalactan;maltooligosaccharide				production
gat_full	count_by_substrate	galactitol				development
gat_partial	count_by_substrate	galactitol				production
gesB	count_by_substrate	copper;gold				development
gfr_full	count_by_substrate	fructoselysine;glucoselysine				development
gfr_partial	count_by_substrate	fructoselysine;glucoselysine				production
ggu_full	count_by_substrate	sugar				development
ggu_key	count_by_substrate	sugar				production
glc_full	count_by_substrate	glucose;arabinose				development
glc_key	count_by_substrate	glucose;arabinose				production
glc-1_full	count_by_substrate	glucose				development
glc-1_partial	count_by_substrate	glucose				production
glc-2_full	count_by_substrate	glucose				development
glc-2_partial	count_by_substrate	glucose				production
glcT1	count_by_substrate	glucose;mannose;xylose				production
glcU	count_by_substrate	glucose				production
glf	count_by_substrate	glucose				production
gln_full	count_by_substrate	glutamine				development
gln_key	count_by_substrate	glutamine				production
glp_full	count_by_substrate	glycerol				development
glp_key	count_by_substrate	glycerol				production
glpF	count_by_substrate	glycerol				production
glt_full	count_by_substrate	glutamate;aspartate				development
glt_key	count_by_substrate	glutamate;aspartate				production
gltP	count_by_substrate	glutamate;aspartate				production
glu_full	count_by_substrate	glutamate				development
glu_key	count_by_substrate	glutamate				production
glucP	count_by_substrate	glucose				production
glv_full	count_by_substrate	glucoside				development
glv_partial	count_by_substrate	glucoside				production
glycA	count_by_substrate	lactate;glycolate				production
gntP	count_by_substrate	gluconate;fructuronate				production
gntT	count_by_substrate	gluconate				production
gntU	count_by_substrate	gluconate				production
gsi_full	count_by_substrate	glutathione				development
gsi_key	count_by_substrate	glutathione				production
gts_full	count_by_substrate	glucose;mannose				development
gts_key	count_by_substrate	glucose;mannose				production
gut_full	count_by_substrate	glucitol;sorbitol				development
gut_partial	count_by_substrate	glucitol;sorbitol				production
gutA	count_by_substrate	sorbitol				production
hasA	count_by_substrate	heme				production
hasR	count_by_substrate	colicin				production
hcaT	count_by_substrate	maltose				production
his_full	count_by_substrate	ornithine;arginine;lysine;histidine				development
his_key	count_by_substrate	ornithine;arginine;lysine;histidine				production
hpt	count_by_substrate	glucose-6-P				production
hrt_full	count_by_substrate	iron				development
hrt_key	count_by_substrate	iron				production
hutM	count_by_substrate	histidine				production
hutT	count_by_substrate	histidine				production
hxt	count_by_substrate	sugar				production
idnT	count_by_substrate	gluconate				production
ino_full	count_by_substrate	inositol-phosphate				development
ino_key	count_by_substrate	inositol-phosphate				production
iolF	count_by_substrate	inositol				production
itsp-1_full	count_by_substrate	inositol				development
itsp-1_key	count_by_substrate	inositol				production
itsp-2_full	count_by_substrate	inositol				development
itsp-2_key	count_by_substrate	inositol				production
kdgM	count_by_substrate	oligogalacturonate				production
kdgT	count_by_substrate	deoxygluconate				production
kgtP	count_by_substrate	arabinose				production
kps_full	count_by_substrate	capsular polysaccharide				development
kps_key	count_by_substrate	capsular polysaccharide				development
kup	count_by_substrate	potassium				production
lac-1_full	count_by_substrate	lactose				development
lac-1_partial	count_by_substrate	lactose;arabinose				development
lac-2_full	count_by_substrate	lactose;arabinose				development
lac-2_key	count_by_substrate	lactose				production
lacS	count_by_substrate	lactose;raffinose;galactose				production
lacY	count_by_substrate	lactose				production
lamB	count_by_substrate	maltooligosaccharide				production
lctB	count_by_substrate	potassium				production
lctP-1	count_by_substrate	lactate				production
lctP-2	count_by_substrate	lactate				production
leuE	count_by_substrate	leucine				development
lhp_full	count_by_substrate	hydroxyproline				development
lhp_key	count_by_substrate	hydroxyproline				production
liv_full	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
liv_key	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
lpiT	count_by_substrate	lysophospholipid				production
lpl_full	count_by_substrate	alginate				development
lpl_key	count_by_substrate	alginate				production
lys_full	count_by_substrate	lysine				development
lys_key	count_by_substrate	lysine				production
lysE	count_by_substrate	lysine;histidine;arginine				development
lysP	count_by_substrate	lysine				production
macA_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
macA_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
macB_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
macB_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
maeN	count_by_substrate	malate				production
mal-1_full	count_by_substrate	maltose				development
mal-1_partial	count_by_substrate	maltose;maltodextrin				development
mal-2_full	count_by_substrate	maltose;maltodextrin				development
mal-2_key	count_by_substrate	maltose				production
malglc_full	count_by_substrate	maltose;glucose				development
malglc_partial	count_by_substrate	maltose;glucose				production
malY	count_by_substrate	maltose				production
man_full	count_by_substrate	mannose				development
man_partial	count_by_substrate	mannose				production
marC	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
mdcF	count_by_substrate	malonate				production
mdt_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
mdt_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
mdtD	count_by_substrate	drug;arabinose				development
mdtF	count_by_substrate	drug				development
mdtO	count_by_substrate	drug				development
mdtP	count_by_substrate	drug				development
melB	count_by_substrate	melibiose				production
mer_full	count_by_substrate	mercury				development
mer_partial	count_by_substrate	mercury				production
merC	count_by_substrate	mercury				production
merE	count_by_substrate	mercury				production
met_full	count_by_substrate	methionine				development
met_key	count_by_substrate	methionine				production
mfs.cp	count_by_substrate	glucose				production
mfs.set	count_by_substrate	lactose;glucose;galactoside;cellobiose;maltose				development
mgl_full	count_by_substrate	galactose				development
mgl_key	count_by_substrate	galactose				production
mgtE	count_by_substrate	magnesium				production
mhpT	count_by_substrate	arabinose				development
mla-1_full	count_by_substrate	phospholipid				development
mla-1_partial	count_by_substrate	phospholipid				production
mla-2	count_by_substrate	phospholipid				production
mleP	count_by_substrate	malate				production
mmpL10	count_by_substrate	glycolipid				development
mmpL11	count_by_substrate	heme				production
mmr	count_by_substrate	drug				development
mmuP	count_by_substrate	methylmethionine				production
mn_full	count_by_substrate	manganese;iron				development
mn_key	count_by_substrate	manganese;iron				production
mng_full	count_by_substrate	glycerate				development
mng_partial	count_by_substrate	glycerate				production
mnh_full	count_by_substrate	potassium;sodium				development
mnh_partial	count_by_substrate	potassium;sodium				production
mnt-1_full	count_by_substrate	manganese				development
mnt-1_key	count_by_substrate	manganese				production
mnt-2_full	count_by_substrate	manganese				development
mnt-2_key	count_by_substrate	manganese				production
mntH	count_by_substrate	manganese				production
mntP_key	count_by_substrate	manganese				development
mod_full	count_by_substrate	molybdate				development
mod_key	count_by_substrate	molybdate				production
msbA	count_by_substrate	phospholipid;LPS				development
mscL	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
msm-1_full	count_by_substrate	fructooligosaccharide				development
msm-1_key	count_by_substrate	fructooligosaccharide				production
msm-2_full	count_by_substrate	raffinose;stachyose;melibiose				development
msm-2_key	count_by_substrate	raffinose;stachyose;melibiose				production
mthK	count_by_substrate	potassium				production
mtl-1_full	count_by_substrate	sorbitol;mannitol				development
mtl-1_partial	count_by_substrate	sorbitol;mannitol				development
mtl-2_full	count_by_substrate	sorbitol;mannitol				development
mtl-2_partial	count_by_substrate	mannitol				production
mtr-2	count_by_substrate	tryptophan				production
mtrD	count_by_substrate	drug				development
mts_full	count_by_substrate	iron;zinc;manganese;copper				development
mts_key	count_by_substrate	iron;zinc;manganese;copper				production
mur_full	count_by_substrate	acetylmuramic acid				development
mur_partial	count_by_substrate	acetylmuramic acid				production
nag_full	count_by_substrate	acetylglucosamine				development
nag_partial	count_by_substrate	acetylglucosamine				production
nat-1_full	count_by_substrate	sodium				development
nat-1_key	count_by_substrate	sodium				production
nat-2_full	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
nat-2_key	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
nepI	count_by_substrate	ribonucleoside				development
ngc_full	count_by_substrate	acetylglucosamine				development
ngc_key	count_by_substrate	acetylglucosamine				production
nhaA	count_by_substrate	sodium				production
nhaB	count_by_substrate	sodium				production
nhaC	count_by_substrate	sodium				production
niaX	count_by_substrate	vitamin B				production
nik_full	count_by_substrate	nickel				development
nik_key	count_by_substrate	nickel				production
nirC	count_by_substrate	nitrite				production
nis_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
nis_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
nisA	count_by_substrate	lantibiotic				development
nitregulatory_full	count_by_substrate	nitrogen				development
nitregulatory_partial	count_by_substrate	nitrogen				production
nixA	count_by_substrate	cobalt;nickel				production
nod_full	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
nod_partial	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
nos_full	count_by_substrate	copper				development
nos_key	count_by_substrate	copper				production
nrsA	count_by_substrate	cobalt;nickel				development
nrt_full	count_by_substrate	nitrate;nitrite				development
nrt_key	count_by_substrate	nitrate;nitrite				production
nuk_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
nuk_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
nupC	count_by_substrate	nucleoside				production
nupG	count_by_substrate	nucleoside				production
nupX	count_by_substrate	nucleoside				production
occ_full	count_by_substrate	octopine;nopaline				development
occ_key	count_by_substrate	octopine;nopaline				production
oleC_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
oleC_key	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ompA	count_by_substrate	sugar;amino acid				production
opmD_key	count_by_substrate	drug				development
opmE	count_by_substrate	drug				development
opp-1_full	count_by_substrate	oligopeptide				development
opp-1_key	count_by_substrate	oligopeptide				production
oprB	count_by_substrate	glucose;glycerol;mannitol;fructose;maltose;pentose				production
oprD	count_by_substrate	lysine;arginine;histidine;proline;tyrosine				production
oprN	count_by_substrate	drug				development
oprO_P	count_by_substrate	phosphate				production
opu_and	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
opu_key	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
oqxB	count_by_substrate	drug				development
oxlT	count_by_substrate	oxalate				production
pa_full	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
pa_partial	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
paa	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
panF	count_by_substrate	pantothenate				production
pbuE	count_by_substrate	nucleoside				development
pbuG	count_by_substrate	guanosine				production
peb_full	count_by_substrate	aspartate;glutamate;glutamine				development
peb_key	count_by_substrate	aspartate;glutamate;glutamine				production
pha_full	count_by_substrate	potassium;sodium				development
pha_partial	count_by_substrate	potassium;sodium				production
pheP	count_by_substrate	phenylalanine				production
phn-1_full	count_by_substrate	aminoethylphosphonate				development
phn-1_partial	count_by_substrate	aminoethylphosphonate				production
phn-2_full	count_by_substrate	phosphonate				development
phn-2_partial	count_by_substrate	phosphonate				production
pho84	count_by_substrate	phosphate				production
phoE	count_by_substrate	phosphate				production
pit	count_by_substrate	phosphate				production
pro_and	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
pro_key	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
proP	count_by_substrate	glycine betaine;proline				production
proY	count_by_substrate	proline				production
pslD	count_by_substrate	polysaccharide				development
pst_full	count_by_substrate	phosphate				development
pst_partial	count_by_substrate	phosphate				production
psuT	count_by_substrate	nucleoside				production
pucJ	count_by_substrate	uric acid				production
putP	count_by_substrate	proline				production
puuP	count_by_substrate	putrescine				production
pvdE	count_by_substrate	siderophore				development
rbs_full	count_by_substrate	ribose				development
rbs_key	count_by_substrate	ribose				production
rbsU	count_by_substrate	glucose				production
rcnA	count_by_substrate	cobalt;nickel				production
rha-1_full	count_by_substrate	rhamnose				development
rha-1_key	count_by_substrate	rhamnose				production
rha-2	count_by_substrate	rhamnose				production
rhtA	count_by_substrate	threonine;homoserine				development
rhtB	count_by_substrate	homoserine				development
rhtC	count_by_substrate	threonine				development
rib_full	count_by_substrate	riboflavin				development
rib_partial	count_by_substrate	riboflavin				production
rocE	count_by_substrate	arginine;ornithine				production
rutG	count_by_substrate	pyrimidine				production
sam	count_by_substrate	riboflavin				production
sap_full	count_by_substrate	peptide				development
sap_key	count_by_substrate	peptide				production
satP	count_by_substrate	acetate;succinate				production
scr_full	count_by_substrate	sucrose				development
scr_partial	count_by_substrate	sucrose				production
scrY	count_by_substrate	sucrose;raffinose;maltooligosaccharide				production
sdaC	count_by_substrate	serine				production
sit_full	count_by_substrate	iron;manganese				development
sit_key	count_by_substrate	iron;manganese				production
sme_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
sme_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
sor_full	count_by_substrate	sorbose				development
sor_partial	count_by_substrate	sorbose				production
sotB	count_by_substrate	arabinose				development
sstT	count_by_substrate	serine;threonine				production
ssu_full	count_by_substrate	sulfonate				development
ssu_key	count_by_substrate	sulfonate				production
ste_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ste_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
sug-1_full	count_by_substrate	sugar				development
sug-1_partial	count_by_substrate	sugar				production
sug-2_full	count_by_substrate	sugar				development
sug-2_partial	count_by_substrate	sugar				production
syrD	count_by_substrate	drug				development
tag_full	count_by_substrate	teichoic acid				development
tag_key	count_by_substrate	teichoic acid				production
tau_full	count_by_substrate	taurine				development
tau_key	count_by_substrate	taurine				production
tc_2.A.76.1.6	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
tc.aat	count_by_substrate	alanine;serine;glycine				production
tc.agcs	count_by_substrate	alanine;glycine				production
tc.apa	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
tc.bat2	count_by_substrate	serine				development
tc.citmhs	count_by_substrate	calcium				production
tc.cnt	count_by_substrate	nucleoside				production
tc.dass	count_by_substrate	citrate				production
tc.dme	count_by_substrate	drug				development
tc.fev	count_by_substrate	iron				production
tc.gntp	count_by_substrate	gluconate				production
tc.gph	count_by_substrate	sugar				production
tc.hae1	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
tc.livcs	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
tc.ncs1	count_by_substrate	nucleotide				production
tc.ncs2	count_by_substrate	purine				production
tc.nss	count_by_substrate	tryptophan				production
tc.pot	count_by_substrate	peptide				production
tc.sss	count_by_substrate	proline				production
tc.sulp	count_by_substrate	fumarate				production
tc2.A.86.1.7	count_by_substrate	heme				production
tct_full	count_by_substrate	tricarboxylate				development
tct_partial	count_by_substrate	tricarboxylate				production
tcy-1_full	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
tcy-1_key	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
tcy-2_full	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
tcy-2_partial	count_by_substrate	amino acid				production
tdcC	count_by_substrate	threonine				production
tehA	count_by_substrate	tellurite				development
tet35	count_by_substrate	drug				development
thi_full	count_by_substrate	thiamine				development
thi_key	count_by_substrate	thiamine				production
thiT	count_by_substrate	thiamine				production
thu_full	count_by_substrate	trehalose;maltose;sucrose;palatinose				development
thu_key	count_by_substrate	trehalose;maltose;sucrose;palatinose				production
tnaB	count_by_substrate	tryptophan				production
tog_full	count_by_substrate	oligogalacturonide				development
tog_key	count_by_substrate	oligogalacturonide				production
togT	count_by_substrate	oligogalacturonide				production
tol_full	count_by_substrate	biopolymer				development
tol_partial	count_by_substrate	biopolymer				production
treE_full	count_by_substrate	trehalose				development
treE_partial	count_by_substrate	trehalose				production
triC	count_by_substrate	drug				development
trkA	count_by_substrate	potassium				production
trkH	count_by_substrate	potassium				production
tro_full	count_by_substrate	iron;zinc;manganese				development
tro_key	count_by_substrate	iron;zinc;manganese				production
trp_full	count_by_substrate	tryptophan				development
trp_key	count_by_substrate	tryptophan				production
tsx	count_by_substrate	nucleoside				production
ttdT	count_by_substrate	tartrate				production
tuaB	count_by_substrate	teichuronic acid				development
tup_full	count_by_substrate	tungstate				development
tup_key	count_by_substrate	tungstate				production
tutB	count_by_substrate	tyrosine				production
tyrP	count_by_substrate	tyrosine				production
ugp_and	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
ugp_key	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
uhpC	count_by_substrate	hexose				production
uid-1	count_by_substrate	glucuronide				production
uid-2	count_by_substrate	glucuronide				production
ula_full	count_by_substrate	ascorbate				development
ula_partial	count_by_substrate	ascorbate				production
uraA	count_by_substrate	uracil				production
urt_full	count_by_substrate	urea				development
urt_key	count_by_substrate	urea				production
utp	count_by_substrate	urea				production
vb1x_and	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
vb1x_key	count_by_substrate	osmolyte				development
vex_full	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
vex_key	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
vexA	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
vexF	count_by_substrate	drug				development
vpsM	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
vpsN	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
wtp_full	count_by_substrate	molybdate;tungstate				development
wtp_key	count_by_substrate	molybdate;tungstate				production
wza	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
wzxC	count_by_substrate	LPS				development
xanP	count_by_substrate	xanthine				production
xanQ	count_by_substrate	xanthine				production
xapB	count_by_substrate	xanthosine				production
xlt_full	count_by_substrate	xylitol				development
xlt_key	count_by_substrate	xylitol				production
xyl_full	count_by_substrate	xylose				development
xyl_key	count_by_substrate	xylose				production
xylE	count_by_substrate	xylose				production
yad_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
yad_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
yahN	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
ydjE	count_by_substrate	vitamin B				production
yia_full	count_by_substrate	dicarboxylate				development
yia_partial	count_by_substrate	dicarboxylate				production
yjbB	count_by_substrate	phosphate				production
yjeH	count_by_substrate	amino acid				development
ykk_full	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ykk_partial	count_by_substrate	drug				development
ylnA	count_by_substrate	sulfate				production
ynfM	count_by_substrate	arabinose				development
yojI	count_by_substrate	drug				development
yqgE	count_by_substrate	alanine				production
yrbG	count_by_substrate	calcium				production
ytr_full	count_by_substrate	acetoin				development
ytr_partial	count_by_substrate	acetoin				production
yuiF	count_by_substrate	histidine				production
yxjA	count_by_substrate	purine				production
yyd_full	count_by_substrate	antimicrobial peptide				development
yyd_partial	count_by_substrate	antimicrobial peptide				development
zipB	count_by_substrate	zinc;cadmium				production
zm_full	count_by_substrate	zinc;manganese				development
zm_key	count_by_substrate	zinc;manganese				production
zntB	count_by_substrate	zinc				production
znu_full	count_by_substrate	zinc				development
znu_key	count_by_substrate	zinc				production
GH1	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH2	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH3	count_by_substrate	cellulose;chitin;xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH4	count_by_substrate	xyloglucan				production
GH5	count_by_substrate	cellulose;xylan and heteroxylan;heteromannan;mixed linkage glucan				production
GH6	count_by_substrate	cellulose				production
GH7	count_by_substrate	cellulose				production
GH8	count_by_substrate	cellulose;xylan and heteroxylan;mixed linkage glucan				production
GH9	count_by_substrate	cellulose;mixed linkage glucan				production
GH10	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH11	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH12	count_by_substrate	cellulose;xyloglucan				production
GH16	count_by_substrate	xyloglucan;mixed linkage glucan				production
GH18	count_by_substrate	chitin				production
GH19	count_by_substrate	chitin				production
GH20	count_by_substrate	chitin				production
GH23	count_by_substrate	chitin				production
GH26	count_by_substrate	heteromannan;mixed linkage glucan				production
GH27	count_by_substrate	xyloglucan				production
GH30	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH31	count_by_substrate	xyloglucan				production
GH36	count_by_substrate	xyloglucan				production
GH39	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH43	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH44	count_by_substrate	cellulose;xyloglucan				production
GH45	count_by_substrate	cellulose				production
GH48	count_by_substrate	cellulose				production
GH51	count_by_substrate	cellulose;xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH52	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH54	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH62	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH74	count_by_substrate	cellulose;xyloglucan				production
GH79	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH97	count_by_substrate	xyloglucan				production
GH98	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH124	count_by_substrate	cellulose				production
GH110	count_by_substrate	xyloglucan				production
GH113	count_by_substrate	heteromannan				production
GH116	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH120	count_by_substrate	xylan and heteroxylan				production
GH134	count_by_substrate	heteromannan				production
ggt	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepA_M17	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepN	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepT	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pip	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepA_M42	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
map	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
dmpA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepD_M20	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepD_S1	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepQ	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepX	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
dcp	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
cpg	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ldcA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.17.19	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pcp	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
iadA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
yqgT	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
sspA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.21.50	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lon	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
iga_hap	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ptrB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
clpP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
iga_zmpA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ptrA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
prlC	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
hslV	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
bepA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
cpaA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
hofD	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pilD	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lepB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lspA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
psmA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
psmB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
hyaD	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
prc	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
hflB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lonB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
hhoB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lonH	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
degP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
degQ	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
sppA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
sohB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ydgD	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pfpI	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.11.10	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepE	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
cpt	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
gpr	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
spoIIGA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
preP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
dacC	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
dacB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
vanY	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
mepA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pbpG	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pqqL	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepO	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
loiP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
flaK	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
prtC_M10	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
prtC_U32	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
hycI	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ypdF	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pgtE	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
tpr	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
yopJ	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
yopT	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepF	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.17.14	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
vanX	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lasA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
zmpB_M26	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
zmpB_M4	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lef	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
scpA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pepDA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
tri	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
nprB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
mtfA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
rseP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
cps	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
iaaA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
wprA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
isp	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
bpr	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
epr	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
sipW	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
avrRpt2	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
avrPphB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
icsP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
mepS	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
trf2_3	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
aprE1	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
aprE2	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
vpr	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
dppA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
erfK	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
yydH	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
cwlK	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
aprX	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
frvX	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
sprE	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ptpA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
vanXY	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ampH	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
cwlS	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lytF	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lytE	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
gluP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ynhG	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ybiS	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ycfS	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
mepH	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
mepM	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
mpl	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ampS	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ywaD	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.11.24	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
zmp1	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
alpha-LP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
zmpA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
nisP	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
tet	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
sgcX	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ykfC	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.24.32	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
bapA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.21.121	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
impA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pbp4b	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ycbB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
cwlO	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
lytH	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ripA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
ripB	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
hpxW	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
E3.4.24.33	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
pipA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
tpdA	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
prsW	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
patG	count	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:protein degradation	production
glycolysis-ED_full	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:ED pathway	production
glycolysis-EMP_full	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:EMP pathway	production
fructose degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:fructose degradation	production
fucose degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:fucose degradation	production
maltose degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:maltose degradation	production
galactose degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:galactose degradation	production
mannose degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:mannose degradation	production
trehalose degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:carbohydrate degradation:trehalose degradation	production
galacturonate degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:sugar acid degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:sugar acid degradation:galacturonate degradation	production
glucuronate degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:sugar acid degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:sugar acid degradation:glucuronate degradation	production
glycerol degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:alcohol degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:alcohol degradation:glycerol degradation	production
resorcinol degradation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:phenol degradation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate degradation:simple compound degradation:phenol degradation:resorcinol degradation	production
cc_key	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation:Calvin Cycle	production
3hpb1_key1	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation:3-hydroxypropionate pathway	production
3hp4hb_key1	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation:3-hydroxypropionate/4-hydroxybutyrate pathway	production
dicarb-4hb_CO2fixation	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation:dicarboxylate-hydroxybutyrate pathway	production
rac_key1	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation:reductive acetyl-CoA pathway	production
rca_key1	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation:reductive citric acid pathway	production
carboxysome	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:CO2 fixation:carboxysome	production
CH2O->HCOO-	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:formaldehyde oxidation pathway	production
CH4->CH3OH	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:methane oxidation pathway	production
CH3OH->CH2O	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:methanol oxidation pathway	production
serine pathway	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:formaldehyde assimilation with serine pathway	production
RuMP pathway	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:formaldehyde assimilation with RuMP pathway	production
PHB cycle	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:PHB cycle	production
H4MPT pathway	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:H4MPT pathway	production
H4F pathway	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:C1 compounds:methanotrophy:H4F pathway	production
nitrate->nitrite_assimilatory_full	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:assimilatory nitrate reduction	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:assimilatory nitrate reduction	production
nitrogen fixation_key	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:nitrogen fixation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:nitrogen fixation	production
glutamine to aspartate	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:ammonia assimilation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:ammonia assimilation to aspartate	production
ammonia assimilation to glutamate	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:ammonia assimilation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:ammonia assimilation to glutamate	production
ammonia assimilation to glutamine-GS	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:ammonia assimilation	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:N compounds:ammonia assimilation to glutamine	production
sulfite->sulfide-assimilatory_or	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:S compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:S compounds:assimilatory sulfate reduction	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:S compounds:assimilatory sulfate reduction	production
phosphatase	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:P compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:P compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:P compounds:phosphatase	production
phytase	binary	NA	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:P compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:P compounds	Resource Acquisition:Substrate assimilation:P compounds:phytase	production
katE	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:scavenging of reactive oxygen species	Stress Tolerance:General:scavenging of reactive oxygen species:ROS scavenging enzymes	production
katG	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:scavenging of reactive oxygen species	Stress Tolerance:General:scavenging of reactive oxygen species:ROS scavenging enzymes	production
alginate biosynthesis/transport	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
Psl polysaccharide biosynthesis/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
Pel polysaccharide biosynthesis/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
Vi polysaccharide biosynthesis/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
lipopolysaccharide assembly/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
colanic acid biosynthesis/exporter	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
exopolysaccharide production	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation	Stress Tolerance:General:biofilm formation:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
hsp10	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp24	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp40	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp60	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp70	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp100_or	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:ATP-dependent proteases	production
lon_or	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:General	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:General:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:ATP-dependent proteases	production
hsp10	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp24	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp40	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp60	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp70	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:heat shock proteins	production
hsp100_or	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:ATP-dependent proteases	production
lon_or	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:ATP-dependent proteases	production
heatinducibleTF	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:heat-induced transcriptional regulation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:high:heat-induced transcriptional regulation:heat induced transcription factor	production
desA	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:membrane stabilization	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:membrane stabilization:fatty acid desaturase	production
cspA	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs:mRNA chaperone	production
pnp	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs:mRNA stabilization	production
deaD	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs:RNA degradation	production
rnr	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:destabilization of secondary structures in mRNAs:RNA degradation	production
desKR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:cold-sensing machinery	Stress Tolerance:Specific:temperature:low:cold-sensing machinery:cold sensing two-component system	production
proline_biosynthesis	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:synthesis of compatible solutes	production
trehalose_biosynthesis	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:synthesis of compatible solutes	production
betaine_biosynthesis	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:synthesis of compatible solutes	production
glucosylglycerate_biosynthesis	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:synthesis of compatible solutes	production
mannosylglucosylglycerate_biosynthesis	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:synthesis of compatible solutes	production
mannosylglycerate_biosynthesis	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:synthesis of compatible solutes	production
proline transport	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:transport of compatible solutes	production
glycine betaine/proline transport system	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:transport of compatible solutes	production
glycine betaine transporter	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:transport of compatible solutes	production
choline/glycine/proline betaine transport	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:transport of compatible solutes	production
mechanosensitive channel	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:accumulation of compatible solutes:transport of compatible solutes	production
alginate biosynthesis/transport	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
Psl polysaccharide biosynthesis/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
Pel polysaccharide biosynthesis/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
Vi polysaccharide biosynthesis/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
lipopolysaccharide assembly/export	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
colanic acid biosynthesis/exporter	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
exopolysaccharide production	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:enhancement of microenvironment:EPS biosynthesis/export	production
phoQP_and	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:osmotic sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:desiccation/osmotic/salt stress:osmotic sensing:two-component systems, osmotic sensors salt/potassium sensors	production
hsp100_or	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:ATP-dependent proteases	production
lon_or	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:ATP-dependent proteases	production
hdeAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:protection, repair, degradation of denatured/misfolded proteins:periplasmic acid resistance protein	production
cfa	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:membrane stabilization	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:membrane stabilization:cyclopropane fatty acid (CFA) synthase	production
TF_redox	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing:redox sensitive transcription factor	production
nrsSR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
arcAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
devSR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
regAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
urease	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:urease system	production
arginine amidinase	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
arginine decarboxylase	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
arginine antiporter	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
glutamate dependent acid tolerance	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
glutaminase	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
lysine decarboxylase	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
lysine antiporter	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
ornithine decarboxylase	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
ornithine antiporter	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons	Stress Tolerance:Specific:pH stress:consumption of excessive cytoplasmic protons:decarboxylase and antiporter systems	production
katE	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species:ROS scavenging enzymes	production
katG	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species:ROS scavenging enzymes	production
sodA	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species:ROS scavenging enzymes	production
ahpCF	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:scavenging of reactive oxygen species:ROS scavenging enzymes	production
nrsSR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
arcAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
devSR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
regAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxidative stress:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
nrsSR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
arcAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
devSR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
regAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:redox sensing:redox sensing two component systems	production
resED	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:oxygen sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:oxygen sensing:oxygen sensing two component systems	production
prrAB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:oxygen sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:oxygen sensing:oxygen sensing two component systems	production
nreB	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:oxygen sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:oxygen limitation:oxygen sensing:oxygen sensing two component systems	production
baeRS	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:misfolded protein/secretion stress sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:misfolded protein/secretion stress sensing:misfolded proteins/secretion stress two component systems	production
cpxAR	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:misfolded protein/secretion stress sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:misfolded protein/secretion stress sensing:misfolded proteins/secretion stress two component systems	production
cpxP	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:misfolded protein/secretion stress sensing	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:misfolded protein/secretion stress sensing:misfolded proteins/secretion stress two component systems	production
phage shock protein	count	NA	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:phage resistance	Stress Tolerance:Specific:envelope stress:phage resistance:phage-shock system	production
acetoacetyl-CoA->acetone	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of pyruvate	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of pyruvate to acetone	production
pyruvate->lactate and ethanol	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of pyruvate	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of pyruvate to lactate and ethanol	production
pyruvate->alcohols	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of pyruvate	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of pyruvate to alcohols	production
pyruvate->SCFAs	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of pyruvate	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of pyruvate to SCFAs	production
pyruvate->butyleneglycol	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of pyruvate	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of pyruvate to butylene glycol	production
pyruvate->butanol	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of pyruvate	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of pyruvate to isobutanol	production
acetylene->acetate	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of acetylene	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of acetylene to acetate	production
acetylene->acetate+ethanol	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation:fermentation of acetylene	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:fermentation of acetylene to acetate and ethanol	production
oxppp	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:oxidative pentose phosphate pathway	production
nonoxppp	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:nonoxidative pentose phosphate pathway	production
glyoxylatecycle_full	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:glyoxylate cycle	production
TCA cycle_full	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:TCA cycle	production
ETC_complexI	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:electron transport chain: ETC complex I	production
ETC_complexII	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:electron transport chain: ETC complex II	production
ETC_complexIII	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:electron transport chain: ETC complex III	production
ETC_complexIV	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemoorganoheterotrophy:aerobic respiration:electron transport chain: ETC complex IV	production
nitrate->nitrite_dissimilatory_full	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification)	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification):denitrification to nitrite	production
nitrate->nitricoxide_complete	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification)	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification):denitrification to nitric oxide	production
nitrate->nitrousoxide_complete	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification)	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification):denitrification to nitrous oxide	production
nitrate->dinitrogen_complete	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification)	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:N (denitrification):denitrification to nitrogen	production
sulfur->sulfide-reduction	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S compounds	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S as terminal electron acceptor:sulfur	production
sulfate->sulfide-reduction	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S compounds	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S as terminal electron acceptor:sulfate	production
sulfite->sulfide-reduction	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S compounds	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S as terminal electron acceptor:sulfite	production
DMSO->DMS_and	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S compounds	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S as terminal electron acceptor:DMSO	production
DMSP->DMS	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S compounds	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S as terminal electron acceptor:DMSP	production
thiosulfate->sulfite+sulfide-disproportionation	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S compounds	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S as terminal electron acceptor:thiosulfate	production
tetrathionate->thiosulfate-reduction	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S compounds	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:S as terminal electron acceptor:tetrathionate	production
iron reduction	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:Fe	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:Fe as terminal electron acceptor:ferric ion	production
arsenate->arsenite	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:As	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:As as terminal electron acceptor:arsenate	production
selenate->selenite_and	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:Se	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:Se as terminal electron acceptor:selenate	production
hydrogenotrophic methanogenesis_partial	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:hydrogenotrophic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:hydrogenotrophic methanogenesis	production
acetoclastic methanogenesis_key	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:acetoclastic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:acetoclastic methanogenesis	production
methanethiol->methylCoM	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis:from methanethiol	production
methanol->methylCoM_or	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis:from methanol	production
TMAO->trimethylamine	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis:from TMAO	production
monomethylamine->methylCoM-direct_or	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis:from monomethylamine	production
dimethylamine->methylCoM	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis:from dimethylamine	production
trimethylamine->methylCoM	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoheterotrophy:anaerobic respiration:methylotrophic methanogenesis:from trimethylamine	production
ammonia oxidation to dinitrogen_partial	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:N compounds as electron donor:ammonia oxidation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:anaerobic ammonia oxidation	production
ammonia oxidation to nitrite_partial	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:N compounds as electron donor:ammonia oxidation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:aerobic ammonia oxidation	production
nitrite->nitrate_full	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:N compounds as electron donor:nitrite oxidation	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:nitrite oxidation	production
sulfide->sulfur-oxidation	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:S compounds as electron donor	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:sulfide oxidation	production
sulfur->sulfite-oxidation	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:S compounds as electron donor	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:sulfur oxidation	production
sulfite->sulfate-oxidation	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:S compounds as electron donor	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:sulfite oxidation	production
thiosulfate->tetrathionate-oxidation	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:S compounds as electron donor	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:thiosulfate oxidation	production
iron oxidation	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:Fe compounds as electron donor	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:iron oxidation	production
hydrogenotrophic methanogenesis_partial	binary	NA	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:H as electron donor	Resource Use:Chemotrophy:chemolithoautotrophy:hydrogenotrophy from H2/CO2	production
oxygenic photosystem I	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic:oxygenic photosystem I	production
oxygenic photosystem II	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic:oxygenic photosystem II	production
cytochrome b6f	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic:cytochrome b6f complex	production
photosynthetic ETC	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:oxygenic:photosynthetic electron transport	production
anoxygenic photosystem I RC	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:anoxygenic:anoxygenic photosystem I	production
anoxygenic photosystem II RC	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:photosystem:anoxygenic:anoxygenic photosystem II	production
oxygenic chlorophyll a synthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:chlorophyll a	production
bacteriochlorophyll a synthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic:bacteriochlorophyll a	production
bacteriochlorophyll b synthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic:bacteriochlorophyll b	production
bacteriochlorophyll c synthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic:bacteriochlorophyll c	production
bacteriochlorophyll d synthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic:bacteriochlorophyll d	production
bacteriochlorophyll e synthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic:bacteriochlorophyll e	production
bacteriochlorophyll g synthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:core:anoxygenic:bacteriochlorophyll g	production
neurosporene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:neurosporene	production
lycopene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:lycopene	production
gammacarotene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:gammacarotene	production
chlorobactene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:chlorobactene	production
betacarotene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:betacarotene	production
betaisorenieratene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:betaisorenieratene	production
isorenieratene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:isorenieratene	production
diaponeurosporene biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:carotene:diaponeurosporene	production
okenone biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll:okenone	production
spirilloxanthin biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll:spirilloxanthin	production
spheroidenone biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll:spheroidenone	production
hydroxyspheroidenone biosynthesis	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:carotenoid:xanthophyll:OH-spheroidenone	production
phycobilisome allophycocyanin	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein:allophycocyanin	production
phycobilisome phycocyanin	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein:phycocyanin	production
phycobilisome phycoerythrocyanin	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein:phycoerythrocyanin	production
phycobilisome phycoerythrin	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein:phycoerythrin	production
phycobilisome chlorophyll a/b	binary	NA	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein	Resource Use:Phototrophy:pigments:accessory:phycobiliprotein:chlorophyll a/b binding light-harvesting protein	production